Docs - complete v1.2.0 documentation w/ secret store & keyvault overriden (#134)
arcus-azure/arcus.security: docs/preview/features/secrets/consume-from-key-vault.md

---
title: "Consuming Azure Key Vault secrets"
layout: default
---

# Consuming Azure Key Vault secrets
You can easily create a Key Vault secret provider - The only thing you need to do is specify how you want to configure and to what vault.

```csharp
var vaultAuthentication = new ManagedServiceIdentityAuthentication();
var vaultConfiguration = new KeyVaultConfiguration(keyVaultUri);
var keyVaultSecretProvider = new KeyVaultSecretProvider(vaultAuthentication, vaultConfiguration)
```

You can find a list of supported authentication schemes for Azure Key Vault [here](./../auth/azure-key-vault).

> ## Extending Azure Key Vault provider

Reviewer: Maybe something like this since this page is dedicated to Key Vault?
```suggestion
## Open for extension
```

> One can easily extend the Key Vault secret provider, by overriding the `GetSecret*Async` methods on the provider.

Reviewer: This feels a bit more natural maybe?
```suggestion
You can easily extend the Key Vault provider by overriding the `GetSecret*Async` methods on the it.
```

This useful to provide additional logging, for example, during the retrieval of the secrets.

```csharp
public class LoggedKeyVaultSecretProvider : KeyVaultSecretProvider
{
    private readonly ILogger _logger;

    public LoggedKeyVaultSecretProvider(ILogger<LoggedKeyVaultSecretProvider> logger)
    {
        _logger = logger;
    }

    public override async Task<Secret> GetSecretAsync(string secretName)
    {

>         _logger.LogTrace("Getting Azure Key Vault secret...);

Reviewer: Let's use dependency tracking as an example instead maybe?

---
title: "Consuming Azure Key Vault secrets"
layout: default
---

# Consuming Azure Key Vault secrets
You can easily create a Key Vault secret provider - The only thing you need to do is specify how you want to configure and to what vault.

```csharp
var vaultAuthentication = new ManagedServiceIdentityAuthentication();
var vaultConfiguration = new KeyVaultConfiguration(keyVaultUri);
var keyVaultSecretProvider = new KeyVaultSecretProvider(vaultAuthentication, vaultConfiguration)
```

You can find a list of supported authentication schemes for Azure Key Vault [here](./../../features/auth/azure-key-vault).

## Open for extension
You can easily extend the Key Vault provider by overriding the `GetSecret*Async` methods on the it.

> This useful to provide additional logging, for example, during the retrieval of the secrets.

Reviewer: Adding a new line here to improve readability in our generated docs
```suggestion

This useful to provide additional logging, for example, during the retrieval of the secrets.
```
